[narrator] Do you seek
adventure beyond
the treacherous waterfalls?
Do you seek the mythical being
that dwells in this
unreachable place?
If you do, then you
must first find me.
[dramatic music playing]
[thunder crashing]
[rumbling]
[narrator] The year is 1889.
Countless ships
are being consumed
beneath the waves
of the Atlantic Ocean.
The people whisper in fear
about terrible sea monsters.
However, governments
of the world suspect
that the ships are
victims of secret
weapons used by their enemies.
The industrial world, meanwhile,
strengthens itself with steel.
World powers growl at each other
for new colonies
in Africa and Asia.
The threats become
terrible warfare.
As the 20th Century
draws closer,
civilization grows richer,
but the people tremble in fear,
and the clouds of a world war
darken the horizon.
[dramatic music playing]
[singing in Japanese]
[soft music playing]
Paris. Paris...
[fireworks popping]
Hmm?
Ow.
[seagulls screeching]
[grunting]
[fireworks popping]
[gasps] The Eiffel Tower!
[dramatic music playing]
[fireworks popping]
[Jean] What an incredible sight!
So this is the Paris Exposition!
[crowd chattering]
[guard] There will be
a wait of one hour.
Please be courteous.
No pushing.
-[Tesla coil zapping]
-[crowd chattering]
[Jean] Wow!
Those look great!
It's too bad they'll never
get off the ground.
It sure is big!
But they waste too much power
in the drive shaft.
Looks like the crowds are
more impressive
than the inventions.
The competition is starting!
[announcer] Welcome to the first
International Flight
Competition.
Today's contest will decide
which airship can fly
the furthest distance.
The grand prize winner
will receive 20,000 francs!
Uncle!
Huh?
I've been looking for you!
-Sorry I'm late.
-You didn't miss much.
The first one's
just getting ready to take off.
You think it has a
chance, my boy?
Those wings are far too flimsy
to support that engine.
Given the wind speed,
there's no way
it can fly more than,
oh, eight meters.
[laughs]
Look out below!
[indistinct chatter]
[crowd gasps]
[announcer] The flight distance
for contestant number one
was eight meters!
-Like we said!
[announcer]
And now contestant number two!
This airship has flown
over the White Cliffs of Dover.
And it is by Lord Arkwright.
And away he goes!
[Lord Arkwright laughing]
[screams]
[laughs]
Better luck next time, Lord!
When is it going to be
our turn, Uncle?
Oh, I apologize, Jean.
I drew number 102.
-The long wait, then?
-I'm afraid so.
We could still
go take the aircraft
off of the boat if you like.
[Jean] Sure.
[crowd moans]
[uncle] Did you get seasick
during your travel?
Yes, but nothing terrible.
Well, I'm glad you
made it safely, my boy.
You did a remarkable
amount of work
while you were on the boat.
[Jean] Thank you.
[uncle] I wish I could
have helped,
but you know how
I am with watercraft.
[laughs] Don't worry
about that, Uncle.
Speaking of boats,
the Americans have commissioned
a new battleship
to hunt down the sea monsters.
Perhaps they'll get the one
that took your father.
You know his death
hasn't been confirmed yet.
Hmm. That's right. I forgot.
-[announcer] Number 22.
-Huh?
[announcer] The Pierre!
That's the top contender!
[crowd moans]
[laughs] That was the
top contender.
The grand prize is ours!
It is, and by a
wide margin, too!
It is ours!
[laughs]
Once we get our hands
on that kind of money,
we will be able to make
all kinds of
wonderful contraptions,
and my mean, old wife
will finally stop complaining.
But who cares if she does,
because before we go home,
we're going to have
some fun in Paris!
-[laughs]
-[uncle] Ooh, la, la!
[bicycle bell jingles]
[uncle] We can finance
an expedition
to look for your father.
Then you'll discover many pretty
girls that would like to meet
a rich, young
genius like yourself.
[bicycle bell jingles]
[uncle] Always remember,
you only live once, Jean,
so we have to make
the most of this opportunity.
[dramatic music playing]
[bicycle bell jingles]
Oh, Jean, could you hand me
the wrench, please? Hmm?
-Ah.
-What is the matter, boy?
I'll be back. Bye!
Hey, what about the plane?
[laughs]
She's ready to go.
I'll be back to fly her later.
[groans]
20,000 francs.
[Grandis] I found her at last.
It will be mine by tonight,
so make sure you don't lose her.
-Right!
If my guess is right,
she'll go to the tower.
[dramatic music playing]
[Nadia] France, Spain, Italy,
Egypt, Africa.
King, do you think I was born
in Africa like you were?
Or is it some place
we haven't even thought of yet?
-[purrs]
-[chuckles]
But I don't suppose
you would know,
would you?
-[purrs]
-[gasps]
How wonderful.
Maybe we would find
it if we could fly.
[Jean] Oh, but you can fly.
[nervous laugh]
[purrs aggressively]
My name is Jean,
Jean Roque Raltique, miss.
I'm an inventor.
I can help you fly.
-[purrs aggressively]
-[scoffs]
Uh, what is wrong?
But don't you believe me?
But it's true. You see,
I have a plane.
I came all the way from Le Havre
to compete in the
flying contest.
Looks like you've
come a long way, too.
Where are you from? Is it India?
I'm sorry, but I won't give
such personal information
to a complete stranger.
Oh, good. You understood
what I was saying.
I didn't know if we even spoke
the same language.
Hmph.
I'm sorry,
but I didn't mean to offend you.
Really?
So, I don't suppose you find
my dark skin funny?
Oh, no!
Is that so?
Well, then, what do
you want with me?
Uh, I thought that we
could both become friends
since we happen to
be in Paris together.
Don't you think?
No, thank you.
-Huh?
-[purrs aggressively]
What a strange cat.
He's a lion.
[purrs aggressively]
Come now, don't be so dour.
You only live once,
so we have to make the most
of this opportunity!
[crystal beeping]
[gasps]
What is that? Did you invent it?
Well, King, we should go.
You're too refined to create
such a scene in public.
And I had to watch it,
and I'm so tired of watching it!
Now, now, Ms. Granva,
don't be so hard on the kid.
Yeah. Why don't we just
get down to business, Miss?
Oh, shut up!
Now kindly hand over
your precious
little bauble, my dear.
Did you know that we have been
searching all over Europe
for you and that
wonderful jewel?
Oh, give it here.
-Nice and easy.
Now, boys, put those away.
She's just a girl.
Right.
Well, don't make me wait.
-Go away!
-Go away?
-Sanson?
-Ready.
-Hanson?
-Go get her.
-Right.
[Hanson] Right! Come
here now! [laughs]
Oh!
Get her!
[upbeat music playing]
[both groan]
Well, goodbye.
-How did--
-I don't know.
How could you let her
get away like that?
It's a good thing we know
where she'll be going next.
Uh, where is that?
A place that would welcome
lions and acrobats, of course.
We have a change of plan.
Let's get out of here
before the authorities arrive.
[Hanson] Right.
That welcomes lions
and acrobats.
Lions?
[gasps] I know where
to find her!
[crowd cheering]
♪ The Secret Blue Water
[crowd chatter]
Pardon me. When does
the show begin?
In just a few minutes.
[sighs] And I was so worried
that she wasn't
going to make it.
[crowd chatter]
[ringmaster] It's showtime.
Get your costume on.
I'm sorry, sir. I can't
perform today.
I feel like something bad
will happen if I do.
[ringmaster] I wouldn't
allow that.
Did you remember to
eat your breakfast
this morning, Nadia?
-Yes.
-If you eat my food,
you'll earn it by performing.
[sighs] Right.
Ladies and gentlemen,
your long wait will
finally be rewarded.
It's my pleasure to introduce
the great Jungle Dancer,
Princess Nadia.
[crowd cheering]
Nadia? Her name is
as beautiful as she is.
[upbeat music playing]
-[laughs]
-[crowd cheering]
[Grandis] Remember,
we're not going to play
so rough this time,
so we can handle this calmly,
quietly, and legally.
-Right.
[Sanson] But I thought
counterfeit money was illegal.
[Grandis] You think too much.
-Oh, ringmaster.
-Hmm?
We have something quite urgent
to discuss with you.
[dramatic music playing]
-Chotomess!
-[roars]
[crowd cheering]
Seti! Nefelto!
[laughs]
[dramatic music playing]
Up!
[crowd cheering]
[laughs]
[announcer] Please give
a big round
of applause for the
mysterious Princess.
Nadia.
-Bye!
-[announcer] Princess Nadia!
-[crowd cheering]
-[cheerful music playing]
[gasps]
Bonjour, mademoiselle.
Well, she is your sister, right?
Don't you remember
your dear Grandis Granva?
I've looked all over for you.
Isn't it time we went home,
my dear sister?
Hmm.
Ah.
Every girl loves
the gift of flowers.
-[Nadia] Stop!
-Huh?
[Nadia] Let me go.
[Grandis] Now stop making such
a fuss over this, Nadia.
-No!
-You know
I'm your legal guardian.
I've already paid the nice man
for your care and feeding.
Help, Master!
[Sanson]
There's nothing he can do.
[Grandis] Now let's leave
nice and quietly.
Nadia!
Huh?
Whoa!
Wait!
[groans]
That does it!
All right, boys!
Now you get to play rough!
-You got it, ma'am! Get her!
Hey, if you just hop on
this amazing machine,
I'll help you get away
from those three
ne'er-do-wells, Nadia.
I can get away from them
all by myself,
if you don't mind.
And stop using my
name so casually.
[dramatic music playing]
You're just not used
to kind treatment.
Here.
Hmm?
Those guys must want that stone
awful bad.
I guess it's pretty valuable.
Well, you don't have to
talk about it, of course.
[Nadia] Where did they go?
[Jean] Don't worry about them.
They can't catch us on foot.
-Huh?
I wonder who could have invented
such an incredible machine.
That would be me.
[both gasp]
And you won't be
able to outrun it,
so just give up now.
So I see.
-Let them have it!
-Here we go, kids.
Now you're going to
see what happens
when you disobey your elders!
[car engine revs]
[laughs]
Well, they can't escape
on a silly toy.
Shall I stop them, ma'am?
I don't see why not.
-Hanson.
-I know what to do.
[dramatic music playing]
Hey! Oh. Nadia!
[screams]
Put me down! Whoa!
[Sanson] Right. This is
what you get
for interfering in our business.
Maybe this will knock some sense
in your tiny, little head!
[screams]
-Oh!
-[laughter]
We better take to the sky
before the authorities
try and stop us.
-Yes, ma'am.
Oh, those guys could
have killed me.
[grunts]
[dramatic music playing]
[organ music playing]
[crowd chatter]
[Jean] Not without me!
Won't that kid ever give up?
I'll stop him.
[Grandis] Let him be.
The Blue Water is ours now.
[Grandis] Goodbye. Arrivederci.
[men] Sayonara!
-[laughing]
-[indistinct chatter]
[crowd screaming]
[grumbling]
Jean!
[Jean] Uncle!
Ah! Where have you been?
We must go.
Can't this bucket go any faster?
I've got her up to full power.
[Grandis] We could have run
faster than this.
[announcer] Number 99, Hinomoto.
-Oh!
-[announcer] What?
-Wait your turn, young man.
-[screams]
-[crowd chattering]
-Jean!
Climb, would you?
[crowd cheering]
We did it!
This is great!
Whoa!
-Found you!
-So now,
we shall fly straight
on to Dover.
I bid you farewell,
lovely city of flowers.
-[Jean] Nadia!
-Huh?
I'm coming!
You're as good as rescued!
Huh? Look out!
[screams]
Get out of the way!
[dramatic music playing]
Are you completely
out of your mind?
[screams]
[grunts]
-Are you all right?
-Yes, but I can't get loose.
Well, let's see now.
It's paper.
-Lion! Lion!
-[all scream]
-Hold it!
-[gunfire]
-Thank you.
-[laughs]
Stop! Huh?
[gunshot]
[screaming]
You know, I really
love my invention,
but I don't want to die in it.
We're going to land
safely in the Seine.
Those awful brats
turned out to be rather crafty.
But if they think I've given up,
they'll be surprised.
That stone will be mine.
[Jean grunts and sighs]
They can't follow us
on the river.
We can get away in my boat.
-[purrs]
-[Nadia coughs]
[dramatic music playing]
[Jean] Are you warm enough?
Yes.
What is your name?
Hmm?
Didn't I introduce myself?
I'm sorry, but
I've forgotten it.
It's Jean, and try
not to forget that.
Thank you, Jean,
for rescuing me.
Hmm?
[laughs]
Where will you go now?
Back to the circus?
Not back there, ever.
But your parents?
I don't have any.
-[sobs]
-I see.
I lost my parents long ago.
You can come back
to Le Havre with me.
I live with my uncle
and auntie there.
They're both quite nice,
and I'm sure they'll be more
than happy to take you in.
[uncle] Ahoy!
-Huh?
-Look, Jean!
Hi, Uncle!
We won a special
prize for the craft,
but we went out of turn,
so no prize money.
Yes!
We're headed back home.
I'll meet you there!
[grunts] You be careful now!
And you treat her well, hmm?
Huh?
[chuckles] Right.
[dramatic music playing]
[singing in Japanese]